timestamp_low is the low 32 bits of the NIC's 1 MHz clock. It wraps about every 4300 seconds, or 72 minutes. This field was not yet recorded in the sample trace, so all values are arbitrary and always equal 4.
bfee_count is simply a count of the total number of beamforming measurements that have been recorded by the driver and sent to userspace. The netlink channel between the kernel and userspace is lossy, so these can be used to detect measurements that were dropped in this pipe.
Nrx represents the number of antennas used to receive the packet by this NIC, and Ntx represents the number of space/time streams transmitted. In this case, the sender sent a single-stream packet and the receiver used all 3 antennas to receive it.
rssi_a, rssi_b, and rssi_c correspond to RSSI measured by the receiving NIC at the input to each antenna port. This measurement is made during the packet preamble. This value is in dB relative to an internal reference; to get the received signal strength in dBm we must combine it with the Automatic Gain Control (AGC) setting (agc) in dB and also subtract off a magic constant. This process is explained below.
perm tells us how the NIC permuted the signals from the 3 receive antennas into the 3 RF chains that process the measurements. The sample value of [3 2 1] implies that Antenna C was sent to RF Chain A, Antenna B to Chain B, and Antenna A to Chain C. This operation is performed by an antenna selection module in the NIC and generally corresponds to ordering the antennas in decreasing order of RSSI.
rate is the rate at which the packet was sent, in the same format as the rate_n_flags defined above. Note that the antenna bits are omitted, as there is no way for the receiver to know which transmit antennas were used.
csi is the CSI itself, normalized to an internal reference. It is a Ntx×Nrx×30 3-D matrix where the third dimension is across 30 subcarriers in the OFDM channel. For a 20 MHz-wide channel, these correspond to about half the OFDM subcarriers, and for a 40 MHz-wide channel, this is about one in every 4 subcarriers. Which subcarriers were measured is defined by the IEEE 802.11n-2009 standard (in Table 7-25f on page 50).